Implement the time integration method used in DualSPHysics and add docs for time integration (#716)
trixi-framework/TrixiParticles.jl: NEWS.md

TrixiParticles.jl follows the interpretation of [semantic versioning (semver)](https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/dev/compatibility/#Version-specifier-format-1)
used in the Julia ecosystem. Notable changes will be documented in this file for human readability.

## Version 0.2.7

### Features

> - The symplectic time integration scheme from DualSPHysics was added (#716)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The symplectic time integration scheme based on DualSPHysics was added (#716)

```

Author: ```suggestion
- The symplectic time integration scheme used in DualSPHysics was added (#716)

```
Better maybe?
